scorecard - add validation tests using operator-framework/api library (#2291)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: doc/test-framework/scorecard.md

## Running the Scorecard

1. Setup the `.osdk-scorecard.yaml` configuration file in your project.. See [Config file](#config-file)
2. Create the namespace defined in the RBAC files(`role_binding`)

> 3. Then, run the scorecard, for example `$ operator-sdk scorecard`. See the [Command args](#command-args) to check its options.

Reviewer: 👍

### Config File

> To use scorecard you need to create a config file which by defualt will be `<project_dir>/.osdk-scorecard.*`. Following an example of what a YAML formatted config file may look like:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To use scorecard, you need to create a config file which by default will be `<project_dir>/.osdk-scorecard.*`. The following is an example of what a YAML formatted config file may look like:
```

| Option        | Type   | Description   |
| --------    | -------- | -------- |

>  `bundle` | string | equivalent of the `--bundle` flag. If this option is defined by both the config file and the flag, the flag's value takes priority |

Reviewer: Should it not be something as; 
```suggestion
 `bundle` | string | equivalent of the `--bundle` flag. OLM bundle directory path, when specified runs bundle validation |
```

| Test        | Description   |
| --------    | -------- |

> | Bundle Validation | This test validates the bundle manifests found in the bundle directory as specifed by the bundle flag.  If the bundle contents contain errors, then the test result output will include the validator log as well as error messages from the validation library.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| OLM Bundle Validation | This test validates the OLM bundle manifests found in the bundle directory as specified by the bundle flag.  If the bundle contents contain errors, then the test result output will include the validator log as well as error messages from the validation library. See more info; [here]<URL for the community doc which explains/specified what a bundle is>|
```

Author: I took your suggestion and added a link to the bundle documentation from operator-registry's docs.

| Provided APIs have validation |This test verifies that the CRDs for the provided CRs contain a validation section and that there is validation for each spec and status field detected in the CR. This test has a maximum score equal to the number of CRs provided via the `cr-manifest` option. |
| Owned CRDs Have Resources Listed | This test makes sure that the CRDs for each CR provided via the `cr-manifest` option have a `resources` subsection in the [`owned` CRDs section][owned-crds] of the CSV. If the test detects used resources that are not listed in the resources section, it will list them in the suggestions at the end of the test. This test has a maximum score equal to the number of CRs provided via the `cr-manifest` option. |

> | CSV Validation | This test checks that the validity of a CSV. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| CSV Validation | This test checks the validity of a CSV. |
```

### JSON format

The JSON output is formatted in the same way that a Kubernetes API would be, which allows for updates to the schema as well as the use of various Kubernetes helpers. The Golang structs are defined in `pkg/apis/scorecard/v1alpha2/types.go` and can be easily implemented by plugins written in Golang. Below is the JSON Schema:

```json
{
  "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-04/schema#",
  "$ref": "#/definitions/ScorecardOutput",

>   "definitions": {

Reviewer: Is not it a break change?

Author: yep, I removed the v1alpha1 since v1alpha2 is now the default and v1alpha1 is going to be removed/deprecated at some point.

Reviewer: In this scenario, I think the best would keep the v1alpha1 with the info **deprecated** and add the  `v1alpha2`. I think we can just remove the docs over v1alpha1 after we finish v1alpha2 but I am not sure so. @joelanford, could you gve a hand here, how we should proceed about it?

Reviewer 2: I think we should completely remove `v1alpha1` as soon as possible (which is when CVP has moved to v1alpha2). In the meantime, I think it is okay to remove these docs about v1alpha1.

Since we're still in alpha versions, the expectation is that the APIs can and will change between versions, so I don't think there's a huge necessity to keep `v1alpha1` around as deprecated, especially since it is a hindrance to our scorecard refactoring efforts.
